[asl][reference] parameter elision discussion (#1271)
herd/herdtools7: asllib/doc/SubprogramCalls.tex

}
\end{mathpar}

\subsection{Parameter Elision\label{sec:ParameterElision}}

> ASL allows dropping the first parameter from the parameter list of a subprogram call

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
ASL allows dropping a parameter from the parameter list of a subprogram call
```

in two situations:
\begin{itemize}
  \item During AST building of declaration statements
        (\secref{DeclarationStatementsElidedParameter}).
        In this case, the first parameter expression may be elided when the left-hand side

>         expression is a bitvector type, whose width is taken to be the parameter expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        expression is explicitly annotated as a bitvector type, whose width is taken to be the parameter expression.
```

        We refer to this as \emph{parameter elision}.
        The call must contain \verb|{...}|, even if they are empty.
  \item During type checking of standard library calls (\TypingRuleRef{InsertStdlibParam}).

>         In this case, the first parameter expression is inferred by matching the call expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        In this case, a parameter expression can be inferred by matching the call expression
```

        against one of two patterns (see the rule for details and examples).
        We refer to this as \emph{parameter omission}.

>         If omitting the first parameter yields an empty list, the \verb|{...}| can be entirely removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If omitting the parameter yields an empty list, the \verb|{}| must be entirely removed.
```

\end{itemize}

These two situations are exemplified in \listingref{ParameterElision}.
\ASLListing{Parameter elision and parameter omission}{ParameterElision}{\definitiontests/ParameterElision.asl}

The specification in \listingref{ParameterElision-bad} is ill-typed,
since the parameter for the call expression \verb|X(data, n)| is inferred based on the left-hand-side

> expressions, and therefore an empty list of parameters must given.

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
expressions, and therefore an empty list of parameters must be given.
```
